well howdy there internet people it's
beau again so tonight we're gonna talk
about power where it comes from where
does the state get its power ideally
from you the consent of the governed
right that's the theory
something always bothered me about this
though how do we delegate an authority
to the state that we don't have how do
we give something that we don't have as
individuals try it with anything else
you got two bags of potato chips in
front of you a bag of Doritos and a bag
of Lay's you cannot give a bag of
ruffles you don't have it you don't have
that authority you don't have that power
but for some reason when it comes to the
state we seem to think that we can do it
and somebody out there right now is
going majority rules
yeah that's true in a democracy majority
rules however you can't violate the
rights of others simply because the
majority of people want to do it it's
not how it works
if that was true if the just because the
majority of a group wants something the
rights of others don't matter
well then every gang sexual assault in
history was justified it's not how it
works
you can't do that
infringing on the freedom of others is
something that has to be taken very
seriously I'm a firm believer in the
idea that if something is beyond the
power of your own conscience it should
be beyond the power of the state if you
don't feel you have the authority to do
it on your own you can't delegate that
authority to the government if we were
to apply this principle we would have a
justice system rather than a legal
system willing to bet most people
watching this do not feel that they have
the authority acting on their own to
kick in the door on somebody else's home
because they're smoking a plant that's
silly they're not harming anyone right
but I do believe your conscience would
allow you to act on the behalf of an
actual victim of somebody who's harmed
by somebody else makes sense and I'm
bringing this up because I read all of
the conversations on the shares on
Facebook and everything on the
immigration thing and it just blew my
mind you know first it always starts
with what we just want them to come here
legally asylum seeking is legal well not
like that though look at some point you
guys are just gonna have to admit you
don't want them here you're just gonna
have to admit that fine you have a right
to be a bigot I guess whatever but does
that mean that you have the power you
have that authority to stop them from
coming here I'm willing to bet that your
conscience would not allow you to take
the kids from somebody and throw them in
a cage simply because they move from
Alabama to Tennessee but because it's
some other line and these people are
others they're the other some of the
elds they're not like us it seems okay
especially if somebody in a costume
wearing a badge doesn't all of a sudden
that's all right
it doesn't make any sense and then it
blew my mind to watch people talking
about it in regards to a job protecting
a job for Americans
man would you go kidnap the person
working at the local 7-eleven so you can
have their job of course not that's
insane that is insane but for some
reason we feel we have the ability to
delegate that authority to others it
would violate your conscience to do it
on your own but because the state
somehow says it's okay well then it's
alright doesn't make sense
we never had the authority to do that
anyway we couldn't delegate it to them
there are people out there who will
follow orders no matter what under the
guise of authority maybe it is time for
this country to start following its
conscience instead of simply following
orders anyway it's just a thought y'all
have a good night